projects.md, before:

---
title: Projects
nav_order: 3
---

# Projects

[Current Pursuits →](activedev)

---

## Featured

### Quantum Tether
**Unity · C# · Released**

A 2D roguelike sidescroller built around precision movement, grappling physics, and momentum-based traversal.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/quantum-tether.png" alt="Quantum Tether" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Designed a **vector-based grappling system** for dynamic swinging between anchor points
- Built a **modular upgrade framework** (10+ abilities: dash cooldowns, dual threads, range modifiers)
- Implemented **procedural anchor generation** using parametric math to vary level rhythm
- Developed responsive UI, HUD, scoring, collectibles, and difficulty scaling

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/quantum-tether)** · [Watch Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNs4yKPhfGM)

---

### Mysteries of Tupni
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints · Prototype**

A third-person fantasy adventure with gameplay systems, inventory architecture, and interactive environments.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/mysteries-of-tupni.png" alt="Mysteries of Tupni" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Created **interactive world elements** (doors, chests, teleporters, UI prompts)
- Built a **Data Table–driven inventory system** with drag/drop, tooltips, and persistence
- Integrated quests and NPC interactions to support player progression

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/mysteries-of-tupni)** · [Watch Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQl2MkPxUl4)

---

### Ginger Shroom Journey
**Unity · C# · Steam**

A fully released 2D adventure game with responsibility for core gameplay systems, UI, and optimization.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/ginger-shroom-journey.png" alt="Ginger Shroom Journey" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Implemented **player movement, physics, enemies, and interactions**
- Built UI, HUD, camera systems, and environmental triggers
- Managed **Steamworks integration and publishing pipeline**

**[Get on Steam (Free)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3023100/Ginger_Shroom_Journey/)** · [Watch Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LGDr3DaUB8)

---

## Other Work

### Void Knights
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

A Persona-inspired RPG prototype centered on dual-world traversal and psychic mechanics.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/void-knights.png" alt="Void Knights" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Built a **world-shifting system** between Reality and the Void Verse
- Implemented **telekinetic object manipulation** using physics and vector targeting
- Developed exploration systems, NPC behaviors, and branching dialogue

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/void-knights)**

---

### Medieval Shop Game
**C++ · Windows**

A text-based shop simulation exploring low-level architecture and game systems in C++.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/medieval-shop-game.png" alt="Medieval Shop Game" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Implemented **inventory, negotiation, branching dialogue**, and state-driven interactions
- Built custom **console UI with ASCII rendering and input handling**
- Integrated **DirectSound audio** for music and effects
- Architected with RAII, smart pointers, modular state machines
- Full **CMake/Ninja → resource packing → installer → signed .exe** pipeline

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/medieval-shop-game)**

---

### Million Miles Deep
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

High-intensity 2D bullet hell set on an alien ocean world.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/million-miles-deep.png" alt="Million Miles Deep" style="max-width: 260px; width: 48%; display: inline-block;">
  <img src="/assets/images/million-miles-deep-2.png" alt="Million Miles Deep" style="max-width: 260px; width: 48%; display: inline-block;">
</p>

- Designed **enemy AI patterns** and attack behaviors
- Implemented **projectile systems** and optimized collision handling
- Built menus, HUD, and responsive UI

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/million-miles-deep)**

---

### Ragdoll Plainly Perilous
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

An experimental physics-driven game exploring ragdoll-based movement.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/ragdoll-plainly-perilous.png" alt="Ragdoll Plainly Perilous" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Built **ragdoll-controlled player mechanics** using UE physics
- Designed **interactive, physics-driven environments**
- Optimized collision stability for consistent behavior

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/ragdoll-plainly-perilous)** · [Watch Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfrDt166KZI)

---

### Crimson Eclipse
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

A 2D side-scroller horror project focused on tension, pacing, and survival-style encounters.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/crimson-eclipse.png" alt="Crimson Eclipse" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Implemented enemy behaviors and encounter logic for horror pacing
- Built interactive environment systems and gameplay triggers
- Developed UI/HUD elements for player state communication

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/crimson-eclipse)** · [Watch Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7KG3vuqHx4)

---

## More

- **Doors n' Dice** (UE5) — 2D platformer with chance-based door outcomes · [Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/doors-n-dice)
- **Escape Control** (UE5) — Top-down sci-fi shooter
- **Game Jams** — Rapid prototyping and mechanic-focused development
- **Experimental Prototypes** — Systems, level design, and mechanics exploration

---

[← Back to Home](index)

Commit message:

Add OVERCLOCKED: DDM to featured work and projects
- Add main menu screenshot to assets/images
- Update home page featured work with new image linking to Itch.io
- Add OVERCLOCKED as first Featured project in projects.md
- Update activedev.md to reflect released status
- Add project bullet to work-history.md
- Enhanced skill descriptions

projects.md, after:

---
title: Projects
nav_order: 3
---

# Projects

[Current Pursuits →](activedev)

---

## Featured

### OVERCLOCKED: Data Dash MAX
**Unreal Engine 5 · C++ & Blueprints · Released (PC & Arcade Cabinet)**

An endless runner for arcade cabinets and PC. You play as an electric impulse humanoid racing through neon tunnels inside a computer system—dodge obstacles, grab data packets, and hit OVERCLOCK to push your score higher.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/overclocked-data-dash-max.png" alt="OVERCLOCKED: Data Dash MAX" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Built a **complete C++ arcade runner** with component-based architecture, world scrolling, and smooth 3-lane movement with holdable jump/slide mechanics
- Over **40+ hand-crafted obstacle and pickup patterns** with procedural generation and a risk/reward **OVERCLOCK speed-boost system** with score multipliers
- Implemented **data-driven subsystems** for 6 color themes, combo scoring, local leaderboard with initials entry, and persistent audio across level transitions
- Developed **full keyboard/gamepad-navigable UI** and shipped to arcade cabinet hardware at stable 60fps

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/overclocked-ddm)** · [Watch Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dI9Ctq9LkLs)

---

### Quantum Tether
**Unity · C# · Released**

A 2D roguelike sidescroller built around precision movement, grappling physics, and momentum-based traversal.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/quantum-tether.png" alt="Quantum Tether" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Designed a **vector-based grappling system** for dynamic swinging between anchor points
- Built a **modular upgrade framework** (10+ abilities: dash cooldowns, dual threads, range modifiers)
- Implemented **procedural anchor generation** using parametric math to vary level rhythm
- Developed **player movement state handling**, responsive UI, HUD, scoring, collectibles, and difficulty scaling

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/quantum-tether)** · [Watch Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RNs4yKPhfGM)

---

### Mysteries of Tupni
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints · Prototype**

A third-person fantasy adventure with gameplay systems, inventory architecture, and interactive environments.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/mysteries-of-tupni.png" alt="Mysteries of Tupni" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Created **interactive world elements** (doors, chests, teleporters, UI prompts)
- Built a **Data Table–driven inventory system** with drag/drop, tooltips, and persistence
- Integrated quests and NPC interactions to support player progression

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/mysteries-of-tupni)** · [Watch Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BQl2MkPxUl4)

---

### Ginger Shroom Journey
**Unity · C# · Steam**

A fully released 2D adventure game with responsibility for core gameplay systems, UI, and optimization.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/ginger-shroom-journey.png" alt="Ginger Shroom Journey" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Implemented **player movement, physics, enemies, and interactions**
- Built UI, HUD, camera systems, and environmental triggers
- Managed **Steamworks integration and publishing pipeline**

**[Get on Steam (Free)](https://store.steampowered.com/app/3023100/Ginger_Shroom_Journey/)** · [Watch Trailer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LGDr3DaUB8)

---

## Other Work

### Void Knights
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

A Persona-inspired RPG prototype centered on dual-world traversal and psychic mechanics.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/void-knights.png" alt="Void Knights" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Built a **world-shifting system** between Reality and the Void Verse
- Implemented **telekinetic object manipulation** using physics and vector targeting
- Developed **modular AI patrol and sensing behaviors**; partnered with designers to iterate on stealth and puzzle gameplay
- Built exploration systems, NPC behaviors, and branching dialogue

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/void-knights)**

---

### Medieval Shop Game
**C++ · Windows**

A text-based shop simulation exploring low-level architecture and game systems in C++.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/medieval-shop-game.png" alt="Medieval Shop Game" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Implemented **inventory, negotiation, branching dialogue**, and state-driven interactions
- Built custom **console UI with ASCII rendering and input handling**
- Integrated **DirectSound audio** for music and effects
- Architected with RAII, smart pointers, modular state machines
- Full **CMake/Ninja → resource packing → installer → signed .exe** pipeline

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/medieval-shop-game)**

---

### Million Miles Deep
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

High-intensity 2D bullet hell set on an alien ocean world.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/million-miles-deep.png" alt="Million Miles Deep" style="max-width: 260px; width: 48%; display: inline-block;">
  <img src="/assets/images/million-miles-deep-2.png" alt="Million Miles Deep" style="max-width: 260px; width: 48%; display: inline-block;">
</p>

- Designed **enemy AI patterns** and attack behaviors
- Implemented **projectile systems** and optimized collision handling
- Built menus, HUD, and responsive UI

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/million-miles-deep)**

---

### Ragdoll Plainly Perilous
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

An experimental physics-driven game exploring ragdoll-based movement.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/ragdoll-plainly-perilous.png" alt="Ragdoll Plainly Perilous" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Built **ragdoll-controlled player mechanics** using UE physics
- Designed **interactive, physics-driven environments**
- Optimized collision stability for consistent behavior

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/ragdoll-plainly-perilous)** · [Watch Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfrDt166KZI)

---

### Crimson Eclipse
**Unreal Engine 5 · Blueprints**

A 2D side-scroller horror project focused on tension, pacing, and survival-style encounters.

<p align="center">
  <img src="/assets/images/crimson-eclipse.png" alt="Crimson Eclipse" style="max-width: 600px; width: 100%;">
</p>

- Implemented enemy behaviors and encounter logic for horror pacing
- Built interactive environment systems and gameplay triggers
- Developed UI/HUD elements for player state communication

**[View on Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/crimson-eclipse)** · [Watch Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7KG3vuqHx4)

---

## More

- **Doors n' Dice** (UE5) — 2D platformer with chance-based door outcomes · [Itch.io](https://goldleafinteractive.itch.io/doors-n-dice)
- **Escape Control** (UE5) — Top-down sci-fi shooter
- **Game Jams** — Rapid prototyping and mechanic-focused development
- **Experimental Prototypes** — Systems, level design, and mechanics exploration

---

[← Back to Home](index)
